docs: add example configuration for filelog receiver with json_parser (#423)
SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector: docs/Configuration.md

For more details, see the [Filelog Receiver documentation][filelogreceiver_readme].

##### Example: Filelog Receiver with json_parser

Filelog Receiver with [json_parser][json_parser] operator can be used for parsing JSON logs.
The [json_parser][json_parser] operator parses the string-type field selected by `parse_from` as JSON
(by default `parse_from` is set to `$body` which indicates the whole log record).

For example when logs has following form in the file:

```json
{"message": "{\"key\": \"val\"}"}
```

then configuration to extract JSON which is represented as string (`{\"key\": \"val\"}`) has following form:

```yaml
receivers:
  filelog:
    include:
    - /log/path/**/*.log
    operators:
      - type: json_parser   # this parses log line as JSON
      - type: json_parser   # this parses string under 'message' key as JSON
        parse_from: message
```

> and log in output from [logging](#logging-exporter) exporter has following form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the parsed log entry can be observed in [logging exporter](#logging-exporter)'s output as:
```

Author: Changed
